Hey Oh what's the matter well hmm you
know that psychic I see yeah well she
told me that I'm gonna die this week so
I'm kind of bummed about that yeah and I
know you guys don't know a lot about
psychic readings but that one is pretty
much the worst one you can get maybe
that's crazy I can't believe she would
say that to you yeah how you don't
believe her do you yeah I don't she you
know said that I'd have triplets but she
also said one of them would be black
just out of curiosity did she tell you
how you're gonna go no cuz she didn't
tell me I was gonna die till the very
end of the session and I was not going
to waste a whole other hour there I mean
I've only got a week left you know I've
really got to start living now everyone
all right
yeah yeah well today's my first lecture
and I kind of wanted to try it out on
you guys do you mind now that'd be great
there are three primary theories
concerning sediment flow rate each of
these theories can be further
subcategorized at the time this is
what's going to kill me
[Music]
subcategories the first of these
subcategories are gross
there are other naked chicks I let these
people know why well I've just never
seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of
paper didn't that make a chick silent oh
okay okay there are three primary
concerning sediment flow rate each of
these theories can be further
subcategorized into' moist you open with
a joke open with a joke it's a
university not a comedy club wait a
minute hold the phone you're not talking
about chuckles University okay kids
hey you know what might make it less
boring thank you
um some visual aids oh oh you know
what's a good visually please don't say
naked chicks I don't even know why I
bothered even talked to you guys about
it you know I'm just gonna do it on my
own with no naked chicks that's where I
did until I was 19
[Music]
hey hey feet alive are you feeling oh so
exhausting waiting for death oh by the
way do you think it Pheebs what are you
doing I was preparing you for my debt
didn't you think I was dead did that not
come off
oh yeah scared the hell out of me I
thought we'd lost you forever
Pheebs you want to lie down yeah thanks
and listen can you do me a favor
you just wake me up in a couple hours
you know if you can oh my god did you
take these back no no I just I liked
them so much that I went out and bought
some for myself oh yeah they're really
great okay
I love them
nice try hello hey how'd the lecture go
it went great
and I didn't need any jokes or naked
chicks either
that's great Ross I'm sorry we weren't
more supportive before I knew all I had
to do is let the material speak for
itself
everyone's all Ross you have to be funny
and sexy well I proved them wrong and
now I'm gonna pass the news on to Joey
and Chandler no you're not funny or sexy
that's right right so when Rigby got his
samples back from the laboratory he made
a startling discovery
what he believed to be igneous was in
fact sedimentary imagine his
consternation when
oh bloody hell